	"The Story of the Communist Party of China-The Practice of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in Shanghai in the New Era" Special Dialogue was held in Shanghai
Shanghai, June 16 (Reporter Jiang Hongbing) The Special Dialogue on "The Story of the Communist Party of China—The Practice of Xi Jinping’s Thoughts on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in Shanghai in the New Era" co-sponsored by the International Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the Shanghai Municipal Committee of the Communist Party of China on the 16th Held in Shanghai. With the theme of "Set Sail for Dreams, Witness> Miracles", the dialogue will show the world the glorious history of the Communist Party of China for a century, especially since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, through the vicissitudes of Shanghai from the birthplace of the Communist Party of China to the forefront of China's reform and opening up. The Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core has led China to make great achievements. More than 740 representatives from nearly 100 countries, 126 political parties and friendly organizations participated in the dialogue through video connections, and ambassadors to China from more than 40 countries attended the meeting on-site.
Li Qiang, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Shanghai Municipal Party Committee, stated in his speech that Shanghai is the birthplace of the Communist Party of China, the place where the Communist Party of China dreams of setting sail, it is also a window for the world to observe China, a hub for China to link the world, and an important national strategy. Carrying place. Since the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, General Secretary Xi Jinping has personally visited Shanghai for four consecutive years, making strategic plans and injecting strong impetus into Shanghai's development. Shanghai is increasingly radiating more brilliance and becoming a more dazzling Pearl of the Orient. Li Qiang combined with the rise of Lujiazui Financial City, the connection of the “one river and one river” shoreline of Huangpu Jiangsu Zhouhe, and the “one network for government services”
Vivid stories such as the construction of “universal office” and “one network unified management” and “two networks” of urban operation tell the specific practice of Shanghai in the development and opening up of Pudong, the construction of the people’s city, and the governance of the mega-city, indicating that Shanghai will be in the new era of Xi Jinping with Chinese characteristics. Under the guidance of socialist ideology, we are firmly committed to emancipating the mind and deepening reforms.
Road, facing the world, expanding the road of opening up, breaking the convention, innovating and breaking through the road, and constantly creating extraordinary achievements worthy of the birthplace of the party.
　The representatives of the participating political parties listened carefully to the stories of Shanghai’s economic and social development and the improvement of people’s living standards. President of the Serbian Socialist Party, President Dacic, Member of the Central Standing Committee of the Cambodian People’s Party and Second Vice-Chairman of the National Assembly, Kunso Dali, First Vice-Chairman of the European Left Party, Mora,> General Secretary of the Democratic Party of Gabon, Bengenza, General Secretary of the Democratic Revolutionary Party of Panama In their speeches, Gonzalez, Vice Chairman of the People’s Democratic Party of Tajikistan, You Sufi, warmly congratulated the Chinese Communist Party on its centennial birthday and the world-renowned achievements, saying that the establishment of the Communist Party of China has not only greatly changed China’s development process, but also for the world. Peace, development and progress have made significant contributions and have become a model for the study, reference and learning of political parties in the world. Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core has put forward the "One Belt One Road" initiative to help developing countries achieve greater development, and vividly interprets the concept of a community with a shared future for mankind. We are willing to strengthen exchanges of experience in governance with the Communist Party of China, promote pragmatic cooperation in various fields, and benefit more countries and peoples of all countries.
