	http://politics.people.com.cn/n1/2021/0618/c1001-32133487.html
Resolutely curb the frequent occurrence of various safety accidents
　　 Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, June 17th The State Council Safety Committee held a national video and telephone conference on production safety on the 17th. The meeting called for conscientiously implementing the spirit of General Secretary Jinping’s important instructions on production safety, in accordance with the important instructions of Premier Li Keqiang, giving full play to the advantages of the system, inferring from one another, consolidating responsibilities, making every effort to do a good job in safety production, and resolutely curbing the trend of various accidents. Create a safe and stable environment for the centenary of the founding of the party Liu He, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Vice Premier of the State Council, and Director of the State Council’s Safety Committee attended the meeting and delivered speeches. State Councilor and Deputy Director of the State Council’s Safety Committee Wang Yong presided over the meeting and informed the country’s work safety situation this year. State Councilor, State Council Safety Committee Deputy Director Zhao Kezhi attended the meeting and made specific arrangements for public safety. The meeting pointed out that the recent safety accidents have occurred one after another and the safety production situation is severe. All regions, departments and units must effectively strengthen their political acumen and sense of political responsibility, adhere to the people first, life first, coordinate development and safety, and protect the lives and property of the people. , To achieve "two maintenance" with practical actions. The meeting emphasized that it is necessary to work together to resolutely curb serious and serious accidents, to carry out safety rectification in chemical and mining, gas pipelines, industrial parks, hazardous chemical transportation, road traffic safety and other fields, and to comprehensively investigate and control various major hidden dangers. Strictly enforce the law of production safety, severely crack down on all types of violations of laws and regulations, and strictly investigate accidents and accountability in accordance with laws and regulations. Strengthen social prevention and control, and resolutely prevent the occurrence of extreme violent cases. Solidly improve the level of intrinsic safety, increase investment in infrastructure safety, and strengthen the construction of emergency response capabilities. Extensively carry out safety publicity and education, enhance the safety awareness and ability of the whole society, and build a strong civil defense line for safe production.
