	http://politics.people.com.cn/n1/2021/0618/c1001-32133490.html
Vigorously do a good job in summer planting and summer management, and firmly hold the initiative in food security
　　Xinhua News Agency, Shijiazhuang, June 17th Hu Chunhua, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Vice Premier of the State Council, supervised the work of "Sanxia" agricultural production in Hebei Province on the 17th. He emphasized that it is necessary to thoroughly implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important instructions, and in accordance with the decisions and arrangements of the Party Central Committee and the State Council, while ensuring that summer grain pellets are returned to the warehouse, vigorously do a good job in summer seeding and summer management, and complete the maintenance of annual grain production. In the target task of more than 1.3 trillion catties, we must firmly and firmly hold the initiative in food security.　　 Hebei Province is a major food production province in the country. Hu Chunhua successively visited Bazhou City and Wen'an County, Hebei Province, and went deep into the summer harvesting and summer planting sites, agricultural machinery cooperatives, agricultural materials companies, China National Grain Storage and Food Industrial Park, to learn about grain harvesting and planting, agricultural material supply, and grain storage, processing, etc. Happening.　　Hu Chunhua pointed out that capturing a year-round grain harvest is of vital importance to the overall economic and social development and must be grasped season after season with the spirit of nailing nails. The current summer grain harvest is almost over, and we must work hard to grasp the summer harvest to ensure that all summer grains and oils are harvested. We must promptly do a good job in the purchase of summer wheat and early rice, implement funds and warehouse capacity, unblock market-oriented acquisition channels, improve policy-based acquisition start-up plans, and resolutely avoid "difficulties in selling grain." It is necessary to seize the agricultural season to promote summer planting, ensure the supply of seeds, fertilizers, pesticides, etc., strive to reduce the impact of rising prices of agricultural materials, support farmers' cooperatives and other entities to develop services for agriculture, and ensure that the area of ​​summer planting will only increase. It is necessary to strengthen summer management with the focus on disaster prevention and mitigation, focus on the prevention and control of meteorological disasters such as floods, droughts, typhoons, and major pests and diseases such as Spodoptera exigua, and implement key technical measures by region and species to minimize disaster losses.
