	http://finance.people.com.cn/n1/2021/0617/c1004-32133357.html
The National Development and Reform Commission held a regular press conference in June. People's Daily Online Photo by Xu Weina
People's Daily Online, Beijing, June 17 (Xu Weina) "Since this year, my country has maintained a steady and positive trend in attracting foreign investment, and foreign investment confidence has further strengthened." The National Development and Reform Commission spokesperson Meng Wei held the June case on the 17th. Said at a press conference.
Meng Wei introduced that from January to May, my country attracted 481 billion yuan of foreign investment, a year-on-year increase of 35.4% and a year-on-year increase of 30.3%. It is understood that some new major projects in the fields of electronic information, petrochemical, new energy, automobile manufacturing, and pharmaceutical manufacturing are being negotiated and signed.
A survey by the American Chamber of Commerce in China shows that nearly two-thirds of companies plan to increase investment in China in 2021; a survey by the European Union Chamber of Commerce in China shows that 60% of companies said they would expand their business in China, an increase of 8 percentage points from the previous year .
“In the next step, the National Development and Reform Commission will follow the decisions and deployments of the Party Central Committee and the State Council to promote the implementation of wider, broader, and deeper opening up to the outside world, and accelerate the construction of a new higher-level open economic system.” Meng Wei said that the focus will be on Promote the following three aspects of work.
The first is to speed up the revision of the negative list of foreign investment access. At present, we are working with relevant departments to study and formulate the 2021 version of the negative list for foreign investment access, which will further reduce the negative list, promote the expansion of the service industry and other fields, and promote high-quality economic development with high-level opening.
The second is to continue to promote the implementation of major foreign-funded projects. Regard advanced manufacturing, high-tech and other fields as the main direction of major foreign investment projects, encourage foreign investment to participate in the high-quality development of China's manufacturing industry, new infrastructure construction, and innovation-driven development.
The third is to promote the implementation of post-access national treatment. In terms of government procurement, qualification licensing, standard setting, etc., domestic and foreign companies are treated equally in accordance with the law, and a more fair, transparent and predictable market environment is provided for foreign companies.
