	http://world.people.com.cn/n1/2021/0618/c1002-32133484.html
Shanghai, June 17 (Reporter Jiang Hongbing) At the invitation of the International Liaison Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the Shanghai Municipal Committee of the Communist Party of China, envoys of more than 40 countries to China visited Shanghai on the 16th to visit the site and memorial hall of the First National Congress of the Communist Party of China, and participated in the "Looking Back on the Centenary History" , Looking forward to a bright future" Chinese and foreign symposium.

Song Tao, head of the International Liaison Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, said that the site of the First Congress of the Communist Party of China was the birthplace of the Communist Party of China. Shanghai is one of the sacred sites of the Chinese revolution and the frontier of reform and opening up in the new era. It is also the place where General Secretary Xi Jinping worked. General Secretary Xi Jinping has visited a conference site many times and issued a call to the whole party to "not forget the original intention, keep in mind the mission, and strive forever". The Communist Party of China is a party that seeks happiness for the Chinese people and is also a party that strives for the cause of human progress. It is willing to strengthen exchanges and cooperation with political parties in the world to build a community with a shared future for mankind.

Representatives of Namibia, Cuba, Sudan, Argentina and other ambassadors to China made speeches and congratulated the Chinese Communist Party on its centenary birthday and its brilliant achievements. They expressed that the Chinese Communist Party has set a benchmark for political parties in the world over the past century. The concept of community has made important contributions to the development of all countries in the world and mankind. Through this event, we have deepened our understanding of the ruling concept of the Communist Party of China, and are willing to actively promote party exchanges and the in-depth development of bilateral relations.
