							Biden and Putin agree to start the US-Russia strategic stability dialogue
	     Xinhua News Agency, Geneva, June 16 (Reporter Liu Qu and Chen Junxia) US President Biden and Russian President Putin met in Geneva, Switzerland on the 16th. After the meeting, the two sides issued a joint statement announcing that the two countries will conduct bilateral strategic stability dialogues on arms control and reducing conflict risks.
        　　 The statement stated that the United States and Russia have reached an agreement on the extension of the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, which reflects the commitment of both sides to nuclear arms control. The two sides "will jointly embark on a comprehensive bilateral strategic stability dialogue in the near future" and seek to "lay a foundation for future arms control and risk reduction."
        Biden and Putin held a face-to-face meeting in Geneva for nearly two hours that day, and then the US and Russian delegations also had more than an hour of discussions on human rights, climate change, the new crown epidemic, cyber security, Arctic development, Afghanistan, Ukraine and Syria Issues such as regional conflicts and Iran’s nuclear program. The two sides have not made any major breakthroughs.
        　　 After the meeting, Putin and Biden held separate press conferences. Putin said at the press conference that the two sides of the meeting were "conducted in a principled manner", the meeting was "frank and open" and "the two sides did not exert pressure on each other." He also said that Russia and the United States understand each other's "red lines", but the two sides did not emphasize the details of these "red lines" during the meeting.
        　　 Biden described the meeting as "good and positive" in his press conference. He said that he proposed to Putin a list of 16 key infrastructure entities including energy, water supply and other sectors, and attacks on them through the Internet or other means should be prohibited. He said: "I don't think he (Putin
) Is seeking a cold war with the United States. "
        　　 In addition, the US and Russian delegations have agreed to engage in consultations on diplomatic interaction, including returning the ambassadors of both sides to their workplaces in Moscow and Washington.
